fix broken links (#10560)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/microservices-architecture/secure-net-microservices-web-applications/index.md

**Figure 9-1**. Centralized authentication with an API Gateway

> If services can be accessed directly, an authentication service like Azure Active Directory or a dedicated authentication microservice acting as a security token service (STS) can be used to authenticate users. Trust decisions are shared between services with security tokens or cookies. (These tokens can be shared between applications, if needed, in ASP.NET Core with [data protection services](/aspnet/core/security/cookie-sharing).) This pattern is illustrated in Figure 9-2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If services can be accessed directly, an authentication service like Azure Active Directory or a dedicated authentication microservice acting as a security token service (STS) can be used to authenticate users. Trust decisions are shared between services with security tokens or cookies. (These tokens can be shared between by ASP.NET Core applications, if needed, by [sharing cookies](/aspnet/core/security/cookie-sharing).) This pattern is illustrated in Figure 9-2.
```

> If services can be accessed directly, an authentication service like Azure Active Directory or a dedicated authentication microservice acting as a security token service (STS) can be used to authenticate users. Trust decisions are shared between services with security tokens or cookies. (These tokens can be shared between applications, if needed, in ASP.NET Core with [data protection services](/aspnet/core/security/cookie-sharing).) This pattern is illustrated in Figure 9-2.

Reviewer: @mairaw the link correction is Ok, I think perhaps the redaction should be tweaked a little, something like this:

```suggestion
If services can be accessed directly, an authentication service like Azure Active Directory or a dedicated authentication microservice acting as a security token service (STS) can be used to authenticate users. Trust decisions are shared between services with security tokens or cookies. (These tokens can be shared between ASP.NET Core applications, if needed, by [cookie sharing](/aspnet/core/security/cookie-sharing).) This pattern is illustrated in Figure 9-2.
```

> If services can be accessed directly, an authentication service like Azure Active Directory or a dedicated authentication microservice acting as a security token service (STS) can be used to authenticate users. Trust decisions are shared between services with security tokens or cookies. (These tokens can be shared between applications, if needed, in ASP.NET Core with [data protection services](/aspnet/core/security/cookie-sharing).) This pattern is illustrated in Figure 9-2.

Reviewer: @mairaw the link correction is Ok, I think perhaps the redaction should be tweaked a little, something like this:

```suggestion
If services can be accessed directly, an authentication service like Azure Active Directory or a dedicated authentication microservice acting as a security token service (STS) can be used to authenticate users. Trust decisions are shared between services with security tokens or cookies. (These tokens can be shared between ASP.NET Core applications, if needed, by implementing [cookie sharing](/aspnet/core/security/cookie-sharing).) This pattern is illustrated in Figure 9-2.
```

## Additional resources

- **Sharing cookies between applications** \

>   [*https://docs.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/security/cookie-sharing\*](/aspnet/core/security/cookie-sharing)

Reviewer: The backslash looks odd:

```suggestion
  [*https://docs.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/security/cookie-sharing/*](/aspnet/core/security/cookie-sharing)
```
